I agree with you, we do not create Reality. If we were creating Reality then there would not be any diseases. The Luminaries and their movements make the Simulation work. In other words, it's the source code of the simulation. I like to call this an Organic Simulation. If you put any of the ancient astrology to the test in real life, you can understand how the movements of luminaries in the sky dictate events on the ground. I am surprised how you would miss out mention of the source code when discussing Reality. Are you unaware of Astrology? Also, when you assume it to be a hologram, remember that as humans the reality we experience is so narrow. It's just through five senses that the body machine constructs the reality for us, the Consciousness. Also that Reality and Simulation are two different things. Reality is different from species to species whereas the Simulation is an entirety. When you assume it's a hologram you are assuming it based on how Reality presents itself for us human species. When you talk about the original and the laser beams, it's not clear in your talk if you meant the Reality in its entirety.

It's self-evident that the Simulation is an electrically powered system and the only Duality may be positive and negative charges. The Simulation was created to harvest Intellect. We simply are nodes in it to interact with positive and negative charges in order that Intellect is generated. We are wired into experiencing this process as Life. Life is a sequence of Action and Reaction. In other words Karma and Vikarma. This may have been the only method to generate and harvest Intellect. We are not responsible for our Actions. Our Karma and Vikarma unfold as scripted. In fact we as an Intelligent species, should try to protect ourselves from the unfavorable aspects of the Script, by Intelligently approaching each event in Life. ACWOL is designed for this purpose which is to serve the highest purpose of life as a human, without putting yourself in danger. This is done through taking clues from all around you using different tools. It's like playing a game with many levels. Having an in-depth or a general idea about Astrology is a must for us humans. It's like being able to read and comprehend the source code of a game you play. The second tool of ACWOL, the Observation is to facilitate clues for higher level gaming.

Hologram point of view is true to a certain extent, that the radiation from the Luminaries is projected onto the Sun and the Moon and they transfer it downwards in the form of electromagnetic spectrum inorder to activate nodes. In this process in its entirety, we are able to perceive a reality which is provided through just five senses. It's so narrow. But I believe you can develop more senses and broaden your reality by training the brain to advanced pattern recognition. The deeper you understand the reality, the better your chances of exiting the cave are. Imagine you being in the cave wanting to get out but never looking up to the cave ceiling where there are clues written that would help you escape. If you want to exit the cave, you need to be taking clues from all around you. Studying the source code is a hack though.

Thanks,

Leo Evolves

Howdie Mickosky Talks - How much do we create Reality
